What is rightness?
What is stupidity?
I will show you what they are
I was an honor student being young
Before I realized, I was already grown up
A train of thought like a knife
Which I didn’t have that with me
But I’m not having enough fun
Something is missing
These troubles better be somebody’s fault
I’m just confused errday
Well, is that so?
Understanding the latest trends
Checking stock market on my way to work
Joining a company with pure spirit
These are the obvious rules for us workers
Huh??
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
I’m healthier than you think
You are too mediocre to understand me, perhaps
Ah, you are so perfect match to
Those ordinary melodies of yours
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
I deal things differently so no problem at all!
Yeah, I’m an exemplary person
So “no thanks” to actually punching someone
If I’ll point my muzzle of words to your head and fire
Wouldn’t that be so crazy? I can’t stop
Complaining and complaining til you die
My spirit becomes sadistic
I’m f***ing tired
Pour drinks when glasses are empty
Take off the skewer so it’s easier for everyone to eat
Check and order before anyone does
These are the minimum rules for social manner
Huh??
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
Close your stinking mouth, I can’t stand it
I am the modern spokesperson
I’m fed up with
Those rehash parody of yours
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
Draw an X on your fat face
I’m your so-called genius
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
I’m healthier than you think
You are too mediocre to understand me, perhaps
Ah, so boring
How many times do I have to listen to those memories of yours
Shut up, shut up, shut the f*** up!
I know I’m not a big deal either, but I don’t care
No problem at all